message just to adrián i
and we come and throw away the vice of
pleasure of fishing is a cargo unloading
earth and good at least
we come for a while to take out no service
fishing but obviously we try
always take care of them once we
we have put together what would be the
river grime because lately it seems
that this zone only exists because
some nothing and that is what we are looking for
us that is not having a hand or
someone to help us improve
the situations rivers the aspects
negative as mainly everything
what is the channeling that are
doing the oxygenation is lost
river because it runs on gutters but
about the natural fact of the river that
it's very important after all the good
dirt that we found from mattresses and
bags of everything when one comes
growing is a spectacle see the
amount of dirt that the river brings from
until refrigerators we have found months
deals said on Wednesdays that the place
It was the joint area of the island
ducks that good after always for a
question of the best distance
we started to choose this theme
www fishing point point fishing point
taray the deal can not be fished with
Live bait or bait with such meat
once it is itching but the fact of sacrificing a
fish of what we are trying to
avoid us everything we catch
we return in our forum there are videos of
evolutions
or just removed one and the
and that's the idea of ​​not sacrificing any
fish for
so that this keeps taking times and it
can you
come fishing